Document responseType (#362)
aws-amplify/docs: js/api.md

To learn more about Lambda Proxy Integration, please visit [Amazon API Gateway Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-create-api-as-simple-proxy-for-lambda.html).
{: .callout .callout--info}

**Custom Response Type**

By default, calling an API with AWS Amplify parses a JSON response. If you have a REST API endpoint which returns, for example, a file in Blob format, you can specify a custom response type using the `responseType` parameter in your method call:

```javascript
let file = await API.get('myCloudApi', '/items', {
  'responseType': 'blob'
});
```

> Allowed values for `responseType` are "arraybuffer", "blob", "document", "json", "text", or "stream"; and it defaults to "json" if not specified. See the documentation for [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allowed values for `responseType` are "arraybuffer", "blob", "document", "json" or "text"; and it defaults to "json" if not specified. See the documentation https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest/responseType for more information.
```
